Create adding-icons-to-web-projects.md (#105)
atolye15/checklist: checklists/adding-icons-to-web-projects.md

---
title: Adding Vector Icons to Web Projects
category: Front-End
date: '2020-03-14'
tags: ['front-end', 'web', 'svg', 'icon', 'icoMoon']
description: These are the steps of how to add vector icons correctly to a web project assumed that the project is utilizing SVG sprite.
---

> - [ ] Get vector icons from the designer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Get vector icons from the design team
```

- [ ] Minify SVG code  
You can use [SVGO](https://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/) SVG optimizer.

- [ ] Import the vector icon(s) to IcoMoon  
If there is icomoon project, you should create new project on [IcoMoon](https://icomoon.io/app/#/projects) or just simply import icon to the existing project.

> - [ ] Place the icon correctly on the provided grid by the designer on IcoMoon  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Place the icon to the grid on IcoMoon  
You should use the grid provided by the design team. 
```

> If the vector icons should be within the correct grid. If not, ask the designer to place the icons correctly in a grid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Vector icons should be within the correct grid. Otherwise, ask the designer to place the icons correctly in a grid.
```

- [ ] Select all icons and press the "Generate SVG & More" button on IcoMoon

- [ ] Press the download button to get the SVG icons  

> If the icoMoon project settings are not defined, press the settings icon to the right of the download button to configure the project settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the icoMoon project settings are not defined, press the settings icon on the right of the download button to configure the project settings.
```

> - [ ] Copy SVG icons to icons folder in your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Import SVG icons to project's icons folders
```
